You are nothing more than a
You have a bad stomach, don't drink it
I know you want me to stay in the Shen family
But I came back because I was worried about you.
I'm afraid I won't have the chance to see you again in the future
Worry about me
Then you drink all this wine
I won't drink it
The dog man is trying to drink me to death
07 I don't believe it if I want to leave
Just a few bottles of wine
Then I drink well, I drink
Mr. Shen, I yelled all this, you are not allowed
Are you going?
Who begged you not to be afraid
I'll protect you.
I will help you find your mother
Will protect you
I won't let anyone bully you again
Protect me
I crawled out of hell
Everyone in the world hates me
Afraid of me using me
But no one ever said to protect me
Su Qiang
Miss Shen Yesu
This is a gastroscopic soft symptom caused by excessive drinking
MSG eggs are right
Miss Su, this should be her first time drinking
If you drink more
I'm afraid it's about to cause stomach bleeding
Sucho, what kind of woman are you?